okay well I know a lot of people been
having problems with a setting up
easycap to 10 capture card and well I
want to show you my setup because my
setup was a little bit different than
everyone else is that I could find on
the camera turtle beach and well this is
what my stuff was only a plugin first
sat didn't find this setup on youtube or
anything figured out on my own next
night because youtube got me day and not
teach me how to use this kind of
splitters so here we go and I'm also
gonna have some montages amount of war
faces some other gameplay commentary
videos with this two point O until I get
a better capture book well I didn't buy
the other kind of i bought these kind of
twitter's my bed you can see there will
be i think they're actually easier to
pull go and you still have to have
everything else is the same till that
double ended hang afraid was called and
here's the capture for well this was my
setup obviously i plug the capture card
into the air turned back to move this
over here to make it reach like this I
took this please once not a lot of
people have Z but i'm not sure if it's
the same way to plug it up to grab my
xbox quick tip these right here i plug
they're not same colors i paused one
yellow in
nice one the yellowing okay SEO for the
xbox and the double-ended cord yellow
took the white xbox lights and the
double in your life and in here this
parts a little tricky as you can see
hope you can see that these present
splitters two yellows and two and one of
them's got both yell is in it one couple
of flights in okay I see that you're
happy okay as you as you can see these
are the white ones so i plug it into the
black don't know if you can see that why
lights y and c it is have two yellow
ones hold on they go into the yellow and
then the xbox board doesn't have to go
in but i usually plug it in anyways the
same thing just some people think that
our quality hope you can hear my voice
because the camera caught doin too good
all right all right here so you want to
go down this is the other end of the
double in this i'm going to set the
camera down inside yeah all you gotta do
is plug it into the same color move this
closer
yeah Yello edra highway because of this
just hang off to the side that's not
good ok now new program ir am mine it's
used before
yeah well now everyone this is I'm going
to in the video and I will be back
showing you that it works okay as you
can see we can't see yet cuz it's still
in a box right one second why is it
taking so long well there you go modern
warfare 2 and it works and full color
and everything but i am not using the
software that comes with easy share
instead i'm using the same video for you
might not be able to find it really easy
but i just took out the drivers not
really the time to explain how i got it
just you'll find it you my you bleed
didn't work right a lot of people have
been having problems was that yes so i
just said screw it also my xbox in the
process of being allotted that's my old
case i was just too lazy to put the mod
a case on for the video and that's the
mod of front and all you can see I don't
have that piece in yeah i'm too lazy to
take it back apart and put back together
so as you can see it works thank you
please watch out for my new videos my
modern warfare videos of mine maybe
gears or maybe some other stuff
subscribe rate and view I hope I can
help